Add v11 breadcrumb migration docs (#8466)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/tools/polaris-migrator.md

## Migrations

### v11

#### `v11-react-breadcrumbs-migrate-from-array`

> Replace legacy Page component breadcrumbs props that used to take arrays with a single object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace legacy Page component `breadcrumbs` props with the new `backAction` prop which accepts a [`LinkAction` object](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/polaris-react/src/types.ts#L113-L122).
```
